Definitions, Acronyms, and Abbreviations
Contact Manager 	|   	The name of the app.
SMS             	|   	Short Message Service
Add/Delete      	|   	Adding or removing a contact from the application.
Search          	|   	Look up a contact in the application by contact name.
 
Functional Requirements
 1. The app shall allow users to manage contacts.
   1.1 The app shall allow users to add a contact through through the contact manager with fields for name, number, email(s), and photo.
   1.2 The app shall allow users to view a contact’s information through the contact manager, including name, number, email(s), and photo. 
   1.3 The app shall allow users to edit a contact’s information through the contact manager, including their name, number, email(s), and photo. 
   1.4 The app shall allow users to delete a contact through the contact manager. 
   1.5 The app shall allow users to search for specific contacts through the contact manager. 
   1.6 The app shall allow users to sort contacts by name through the contact manager.
   1.7 The app shall allow users to blacklist a contact through the contact manager.
   1.8 The app shall allow users to add a photo for a contact.
   1.9 The app shall allow users to add multiple numbers for a contact.
 2. The app shall allow users to organize contacts in groups.
   2.1 The app shall allow users to create groups through the group manager.
   2.2 The app shall allow users to add contacts to groups through the group manager.
   2.3 The app shall allow users to remove contacts from groups through the group manager.
   2.4 The app shall allow users to sort contacts by groups through the group manager.
 3. The app shall allow users to communicate with contacts from contact view.
   3.1 The app shall allow users to send an SMS to a contact through the communications manager.
   3.2 The app shall allow users to make a phone call to a contact through the communications manager.
   3.3 The app shall provide a call log for calls made and received by different contacts through the communications database. 
4. The app shall allow users persistent access to contacts.
   4.1 The app shall store contacts data on close through the database managers.
   4.2 The app shall store contacts on restart.
   4.3 The app shall store contacts on unexpected close.
5. The app shall display contact information.
   5.1 The app shall list contacts in alphabetical order by last name.
   5.2 The app shall allow zooming in/out. 


Use Case Diagram
Located in all_diagrams.mdj and use_case_diagram.PNG
